Add MASTG-TEST-0262, MASTG-DEMO-0034 and MASTG-DEMO-0035 using adb backup and semgrep (#3217)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: techniques/android/MASTG-TECH-0127.md

--- 
title: Inspecting an App's Backup Data
platform: android 
---

You can inspect an Android app's backup data to verify that sensitive data is not included in the backup. This technique is useful for verifying that the app correctly excludes sensitive data from backups.

> ## Backup Made via ADB Backup

Reviewer: This section covers backups made by both ADB Backup and Backup Manager. Should we make this title cover both, or make it more general?

Author: You are right, I'll correct that and I need to indicate how to obtain the backup file in the bmgr case

> Android backups made via `adb backup` are stored in a `.ab` file. If you followed the steps from @MASTG-TECH-0128, you should have an `apps/` directory in your working directory. This directory contains the extracted backup data.

Author: ```suggestion
Android backups are stored in `.ab` files, which are specially formatted TAR archives. If you followed the steps from @MASTG-TECH-0127 or @MASTG-TECH-0128, you should have an `apps/` directory in your working directory. This directory contains the extracted backup data.
```
